[Music]
[Applause]
from the pages of mike huckabee.com
which is home of the always free
huckabee newsletter
that's where you can get my insights
being write your email inbox twice a day
let's take a little look back at another
week that was
now we know how the byte administration
is going to pay for dealing with the
flood of unaccompanied migrant children
that poured in
when joe biden reversed all of donald
trump's border security policies
how by diverting billions in federal
funds
allocated for emergency medical
initiatives for
americans things that were going to be
used for
covid testing politico reports that
hundreds of new migrant children
are arriving at the border every single
day and that's on top of the more than
20 000 miners who are in the custody
of the department of health and human
services and the price tag to house them
it's only going up politico says there's
no indication that the biden
administration
will even ask congress for more money to
pay for all this
they'll just kept keep rather
reallocating
your tax dollars by the way to the tune
of tens of
millions of dollars every single week
the board of crisis is so bad that
health and human services secretary
xavier becerra
who is a liberal democrat has argued to
keep president donald trump's cap on
refugee admissions to the u.s that's a
shocker
according to politico this idea is
wrankling the white house
in march border guards encountered the
most unaccompanied children in history
and criminal alien arrests at the border
already over 6
000 since the trump administration
policies were thrown out the window in
january
the term criminal alien is a legal term
and it refers to migrants with criminal
convictions for state and federal crimes
you know things like murder sexual
assault
robbery narcotics and even more in other
words the very people donald trump
warned about in 2015
when he wrote down that escalator to
announce his candidacy for president
coming true if there's one thing
democrats cannot
stomach it's the notion that donald
trump might have been right about
something all along
well on to the twitter verse where war
is peace freedom is slavery and genders
can be bent
any which way you like twitter suspended
a spanish politician for 12 hours
for alleged hate speech hate speech
here's what it was he reacted to an
article about a transgender male
who gave birth by tweeting
that a man cannot get pregnant because
he has no uterus
or eggs let that sink in for a minute
francisco jose contreras responded to
twitter's brainwashing and censoring by
refusing to knuckle under
and he told lifesite news we will not
yield to twitter
imposing a twisted and biologically
wrong worldview
we will continue to speak the truth
about human nature
biological truth should not be regarded
as hate speech
and this is a line i love it's biology
not bigotry that's great
and then there's this video that made
the rounds if you didn't know better
you'd think it was
2019. nancy pelosi and other prominent
democrats yucking it up at the white
house
no mask no social distancing
this is uh just as speaker pelosi is
still enforcing a mass mandate for
members of congress on the house floor
not wearing a mask in accordance with a
speaker's iron-clad
rule you can be fined 500 bucks for the
first offense and 2 500
for subsequent offenses you know if
republicans ever wind up retaking the
house
they ought to impose some arbitrary
rules on democrats
i'm thinking 500 fines for anyone
refusing to wear
maybe snakeskin boots or maga hats
well next up a shame on you and this is
a doozy pbs that's right you helped pay
for public broadcasting system
pbs the public television outlet that
your tax dollars as i say really do pay
for
they decided the following video was
suitable and educational for children
now i won't subject you to the actual
video
you can find it yourself if you're
feeling masochistic
but pbs felt children between three and
eight years old ought to see a
drag queen named little miss hot mess
and see her sing a song about her hips
going swish
swish swish all over town
this bizarre skit was part of a pbs
series called
let's learn produced in partnership with
no surprise the new york city department
of education
lord knows what the educational message
is supposed to be there
but we've come a long way from sesame
street
finally a couple of shout outs first to
missouri attorney mark mccloskey
he was the one targeted for political
prosecution last year because he dared
to show a gun to a threatening mob of
black lives matter protesters on his
front lawn when they invaded it
mccloskey this week announced his run
for u.s senate as a republican
mcclosk mccloskey explained that he's
running because and i quote
god came knocking on my door disguised
as an angry mob
it really did wake me up end quote
i'll bet it did wake him up woke a lot
of us up
he said while campaigning with donald
trump last year he learned
that the american people are fed up with
posers and do-nothing politicians and
they're fed up with having their freedom
taken away and they're sick and tired of
cancelled culture
and the poison of critical race theory
and the big lie
of systemic racism all backed up
by the threat of mob violence
and in other state political news andrew
giuliani
the son of rudolph giuliani announced
his candidacy for
governor of the formerly great state of
new york
my only question is this can you start
the job right now
i guess we'll see if new yorkers have
learned their lesson
with andrew cuomo well until next time
these have been the facts of the matter
thanks so much for watching and i hope
you enjoyed that video if you did
be sure to leave a like then subscribe
and hit the notification bell below
if you didn't like it you ought to find
a ben shapiro video to detox you
with more facts